C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.deps.json
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.dll
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.pdb
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\XamlC.stamp
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.dll
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\refint\biblioteca1.dll
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.pdb
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\ref\biblioteca1.dll
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\jarby\source\repos\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\RegisterPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.deps.json
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.dll
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.pdb
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\App.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\RegisterPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\XamlC.stamp
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.dll
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\refint\biblioteca1.dll
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.pdb
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\ref\biblioteca1.dll
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\HomePage.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\Libros.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\Multas.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\Perfil.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\ELECTIVA CP3\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\Prestamo.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.deps.json
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.dll
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\bin\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.pdb
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\App.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\HomePage.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\Libros.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\Multas.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\Perfil.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\Prestamo.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\RegisterPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\XamlC.stamp
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.dll
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\refint\biblioteca1.dll
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\biblioteca1.pdb
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\ref\biblioteca1.dll
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\LibrosEnEspera.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\LibrosForm.xaml.g.cs
d:\Users\andre\OneDrive\Escritorio\UNIVERSIDAD\parcial\biblioteca\biblioteca1\biblioteca1\obj\Debug\netstandard2.0\Views\HomePageAdmin.xaml.g.cs
